I'll give An An a score for today's homework.
The shooting situation has been getting better and better in the past two months.
So, so I want to do it at the beginning of his third year,
Isn’t it possible not to do it?
Parents, sooner or later we will meet this section.
Do you think he is still unwilling to forgive me?
I have forgiven you long ago,
It's just between us, it's really impossible.
Really impossible.
impossible.
You've been leading a life like this lately
If I didn't come here, I wouldn't know you have become like this.
Neither you nor aunt want me anymore
I hope it will be the same again
Auntie will never be the same again
Auntie has had a virus this month
good quiet
The student said that his condition has become personal
Don't get up
I'll take you to see him